README.md, before:

# Harpy
### Notify users when a new version of your app is available, and prompt them with the App Store link.

---
### About
**Harpy** is a utility that checks a user's currently installed version of your iOS application against the version that is currently available in the App Store. If a new version is available, an instance of UIAlertView is presented to the user informing them of the newer version, and giving them the option to update the application.

### Changelog (v2.5.2)
- Updated Slovenian Localization

### Features
- Cocoapods Support
- Three types of alerts to present to the end-user (see **Screenshots** section)
- Optional delegate and delegate methods (see **Optional Delegate** section)
- Check for Supported Devices (see **Supported Devices Compatibility** section)
- Localized for 15 languages: Basque, Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), Danish, Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Slovenian, Spanish
	- Optional ability to override an iOS device's default language to force the localization of your choice (see **Force Localization** section)

### Screenshots

- The **left picture** forces the user to update the app.
- The **center picture** gives the user the option to update the app.
- The **right picture** gives the user the option to skip the current update.
- These options are controlled by the `HarpyAlertType` typede that is found in `Harpy.h`.
 
![Forced Update](https://github.com/ArtSabintsev/Harpy/blob/master/samplePictures/picForcedUpdate.png?raw=true "Forced Update") 
![Optional Update](https://github.com/ArtSabintsev/Harpy/blob/master/samplePictures/picOptionalUpdate.png?raw=true "Optional Update")
![Skipped Update](https://github.com/ArtSabintsev/Harpy/blob/master/samplePictures/picSkippedUpdate.png?raw=true "Optional Update")

### Installation Instructions

#### CocoaPods Installation
```
pod 'Harpy'
```

#### Manual Installation

Copy the 'Harpy' folder into your Xcode project. It contains the Harpy.h and Harpy.m files.

### Setup Instructions	
1. Import **Harpy.h** into your AppDelegate or Pre-Compiler Header (.pch)
1. In your `AppDelegate`, set the **appID**, and optionally, you can set the **alertType**.
1. In your `AppDelegate`, call **only one** of the `checkVersion` methods, as all three perform a check on your application's first launch. Use either:
    - `checkVersion` in `application:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:`
    - `checkVersionDaily` in `applicationDidBecomeActive:`.
    - `checkVersionWeekly` in `applicationDidBecomeActive:`.


``` obj-c
- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions
{

	// Present Window before calling Harpy
	[self.window makeKeyAndVisible]
	
	// Set the App ID for your app
	[[Harpy sharedInstance] setAppID:@"<#app_id#>"];
	
	// (Optional) Set the App Name for your app
	[[Harpy sharedInstance] setAppName:@"<#app_name#>"];
	
	/* (Optional) Set the Alert Type for your app 
	 By default, the Singleton is initialized to HarpyAlertTypeOption */
	[[Harpy sharedInstance] setAlertType:<#alert_type#>];
	
	/* (Optional) If your application is not availabe in the U.S. App Store, you must specify the two-letter
	 country code for the region in which your applicaiton is available. */
	[[Harpy sharedInstance] setCountryCode:@"<#country_code#>"]; 
	
	/* (Optional) Overides system language to predefined language. 
	 Please use the HarpyLanguage constants defined inHarpy.h. */
	[[Harpy sharedInstance] setForceLanguageLocalization<#HarpyLanguageConstant#>];
	
	// Perform check for new version of your app 
	[[Harpy sharedInstance] checkVersion]; 
}

- (void)applicationDidBecomeActive:(UIApplication *)application
{
	 
	/*
	 Perform daily check for new version of your app
	 Useful if user returns to you app from background after extended period of time
 	 Place in applicationDidBecomeActive:
 	 
 	 Also, performs version check on first launch.
 	*/
	[[Harpy sharedInstance] checkVersionDaily];

	/*
	 Perform weekly check for new version of your app
	 Useful if you user returns to your app from background after extended period of time
	 Place in applicationDidBecomeActive:
	 
	 Also, performs version check on first launch.
	 */
	[[Harpy sharedInstance] checkVersionWeekly];
    
}
```

And you're all set!

### Optional Delegate and Delegate Methods
If you'd like to handle or track the end-user's behavior, four delegate methods have been made available to you:

```	obj-c
	// User presented with update dialog
	- (void)harpyDidShowUpdateDialog;
	
	// User did click on button that launched App Store.app
	- (void)harpyUserDidLaunchAppStore;
	
	// User did click on button that skips version update
	- (void)harpyUserDidSkipVersion;
	
	// User did click on button that cancels update dialog
	- (void)harpyUserDidCancel;
```

### Force Localization
There are some situations where a developer may want to the update dialog to *always* appear in a certain language, irrespective of the devices/system default language (e.g. apps released in a specific country). As of v2.5.0, this feature has been added to Harpy (see [Issue #41](https://github.com/ArtSabintsev/Harpy/issues/41)). Please set the `forceLanguageLocalization` property using the `HarpyLanugage` string constants defined in `Harpy.h` if you would like override the system's default lanuage for the Harpy alert dialogs.

``` obj-c 
[[Harpy sharedInstance] setForceLanguageLocalization<#HarpyLanguageConstant#>];
```

### Supported Devices Compatibility
Every new release of iOS deprecates support for one or more older device models. As of v2.4.0, Harpy checks to make sure that a user's current device supports the new version of your app. If it it does, the `UIAlertView	` pops up as usual. If it does not, no alert is shown. This extra check was added into Harpy after a [lengthy discussion](https://github.com/ArtSabintsev/Harpy/issues/35).

A new helper utility, [UIDevice+SupportedDevices](https://github.com/ArtSabintsev/UIDevice-SupportedDevices), came out of this discussion and is included with Harpy.

### Important Note on App Store Submissions
The App Store reviewer will **not** see the alert. 

### Created and maintained by
[Arthur Ariel Sabintsev](http://www.sabintsev.com/)

Commit message:

Removed direct dependency of UIDevice+SupportedDevice in favor of Cocoapods dependency

README.md, after:

# Harpy
### Notify users when a new version of your app is available, and prompt them with the App Store link.

---
### About
**Harpy** is a utility that checks a user's currently installed version of your iOS application against the version that is currently available in the App Store. If a new version is available, an instance of UIAlertView is presented to the user informing them of the newer version, and giving them the option to update the application.

### Changelog (v2.5.3)
- Removed direct dependency of [UIDevice+SupportedDevices](https://github.com/ArtSabintsev/UIDevice-SupportedDevices) (it's now a Cocoapods dependency)

### Features
- Cocoapods Support
- Three types of alerts to present to the end-user (see **Screenshots** section)
- Optional delegate and delegate methods (see **Optional Delegate** section)
- Check for Supported Devices (see **Supported Devices Compatibility** section)
- Localized for 15 languages: Basque, Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), Danish, Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Slovenian, Spanish
	- Optional ability to override an iOS device's default language to force the localization of your choice (see **Force Localization** section)

### Screenshots

- The **left picture** forces the user to update the app.
- The **center picture** gives the user the option to update the app.
- The **right picture** gives the user the option to skip the current update.
- These options are controlled by the `HarpyAlertType` typede that is found in `Harpy.h`.
 
![Forced Update](https://github.com/ArtSabintsev/Harpy/blob/master/samplePictures/picForcedUpdate.png?raw=true "Forced Update") 
![Optional Update](https://github.com/ArtSabintsev/Harpy/blob/master/samplePictures/picOptionalUpdate.png?raw=true "Optional Update")
![Skipped Update](https://github.com/ArtSabintsev/Harpy/blob/master/samplePictures/picSkippedUpdate.png?raw=true "Optional Update")

### Installation Instructions

#### CocoaPods Installation
```
pod 'Harpy'
```

#### Manual Installation

Copy the 'Harpy' folder into your Xcode project. It contains the Harpy.h and Harpy.m files. Also, there's a dependency on [UIDevice+SupportedDevices](https://github.com/ArtSabintsev/UIDevice-SupportedDevices), so you'll need to download that library as well, if you don't use Cocoapods.

### Setup Instructions	
1. Import **Harpy.h** into your AppDelegate or Pre-Compiler Header (.pch)
1. In your `AppDelegate`, set the **appID**, and optionally, you can set the **alertType**.
1. In your `AppDelegate`, call **only one** of the `checkVersion` methods, as all three perform a check on your application's first launch. Use either:
    - `checkVersion` in `application:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:`
    - `checkVersionDaily` in `applicationDidBecomeActive:`.
    - `checkVersionWeekly` in `applicationDidBecomeActive:`.


``` obj-c
- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions
{

	// Present Window before calling Harpy
	[self.window makeKeyAndVisible]
	
	// Set the App ID for your app
	[[Harpy sharedInstance] setAppID:@"<#app_id#>"];
	
	// (Optional) Set the App Name for your app
	[[Harpy sharedInstance] setAppName:@"<#app_name#>"];
	
	/* (Optional) Set the Alert Type for your app 
	 By default, the Singleton is initialized to HarpyAlertTypeOption */
	[[Harpy sharedInstance] setAlertType:<#alert_type#>];
	
	/* (Optional) If your application is not availabe in the U.S. App Store, you must specify the two-letter
	 country code for the region in which your applicaiton is available. */
	[[Harpy sharedInstance] setCountryCode:@"<#country_code#>"]; 
	
	/* (Optional) Overides system language to predefined language. 
	 Please use the HarpyLanguage constants defined inHarpy.h. */
	[[Harpy sharedInstance] setForceLanguageLocalization<#HarpyLanguageConstant#>];
	
	// Perform check for new version of your app 
	[[Harpy sharedInstance] checkVersion]; 
}

- (void)applicationDidBecomeActive:(UIApplication *)application
{
	 
	/*
	 Perform daily check for new version of your app
	 Useful if user returns to you app from background after extended period of time
 	 Place in applicationDidBecomeActive:
 	 
 	 Also, performs version check on first launch.
 	*/
	[[Harpy sharedInstance] checkVersionDaily];

	/*
	 Perform weekly check for new version of your app
	 Useful if you user returns to your app from background after extended period of time
	 Place in applicationDidBecomeActive:
	 
	 Also, performs version check on first launch.
	 */
	[[Harpy sharedInstance] checkVersionWeekly];
    
}
```

And you're all set!

### Optional Delegate and Delegate Methods
If you'd like to handle or track the end-user's behavior, four delegate methods have been made available to you:

```	obj-c
	// User presented with update dialog
	- (void)harpyDidShowUpdateDialog;
	
	// User did click on button that launched App Store.app
	- (void)harpyUserDidLaunchAppStore;
	
	// User did click on button that skips version update
	- (void)harpyUserDidSkipVersion;
	
	// User did click on button that cancels update dialog
	- (void)harpyUserDidCancel;
```

### Force Localization
There are some situations where a developer may want to the update dialog to *always* appear in a certain language, irrespective of the devices/system default language (e.g. apps released in a specific country). As of v2.5.0, this feature has been added to Harpy (see [Issue #41](https://github.com/ArtSabintsev/Harpy/issues/41)). Please set the `forceLanguageLocalization` property using the `HarpyLanugage` string constants defined in `Harpy.h` if you would like override the system's default lanuage for the Harpy alert dialogs.

``` obj-c 
[[Harpy sharedInstance] setForceLanguageLocalization<#HarpyLanguageConstant#>];
```

### Supported Devices Compatibility
Every new release of iOS deprecates support for one or more older device models. As of v2.4.0, Harpy checks to make sure that a user's current device supports the new version of your app. If it it does, the `UIAlertView	` pops up as usual. If it does not, no alert is shown. This extra check was added into Harpy after a [lengthy discussion](https://github.com/ArtSabintsev/Harpy/issues/35).

A new helper utility, [UIDevice+SupportedDevices](https://github.com/ArtSabintsev/UIDevice-SupportedDevices), came out of this discussion and is included with Harpy.

### Important Note on App Store Submissions
The App Store reviewer will **not** see the alert. 

### Created and maintained by
[Arthur Ariel Sabintsev](http://www.sabintsev.com/)
